java c
Instruction for FIN6104   Case 3Please   read   the   case   and   answer   the   following   questions   to   the   best   of your   ability.   As   a   team,   you   should   submit one report for this   case   study.   For   the   entire   course,   there will be   three   case   studies   in   total and   hence three report submissions.    In the end of   the    semester, your team   will deliver a   presentation based on only one of   the   cases.   (We will   decide   case   allocations   in   due   time.)
Case InformationTitle: Mercury Athletic: Valuing the OpportunityAbstract: In   January 2007,   West Coast Fashions, Inc., a large designer and marketer of   branded apparel,   announced   a    strategic   reorganization    that   would   result   in   the   divestiture    of   their   wholly   owned      footwear   subsidiary,   Mercury   Athletic. John   Liedtke,   the   head   of business   development   for   Active      Gear,   a   mid-sized   athletic   and   casual   footwear   company,   saw   the potential   acquisition   of Mercury   as      a unique opportunity to roughly double the size of   his business. The case uses the potential acquisition      of Mercury Athletic   as   a vehicle   to   teach   students   basic DCF   (discounted   cash   flow) valuation using      the weighted average cost of capital   (WACC).
QuestionsPlease    keep    in    mind    that    there    are      often      times      multiple      “correct”      answers,      depending      on      the   assumptions   you   make.   You   need   to   justify   your   answers   and   assumptions.   Please   note   that   your   report or presentation should not be structured in a simple manner to just answer these questions   one   by one. Instead, you   should attempt to   make   a   self-sufficient   report   (presentation) in   the   sense   that   a   reader   (audience)—who has   not   seen   the   case   or   this instruction—will be   able to   follow your   report   (presentation)   seamlessly.   For   example,   you   will   probably   need   a   clear   and   concise   introduction   to   help   readers   more   quickly   and   better   understand   the   goal   of this   report;   you   will   probably want   to   make   sure   the paragraphs   are logically linked.   Furthermore,   the   scope   of your project   should   not   be   limited   by   these   questions;   feel   free   to   include   additional   discussions   on   other   issues   that   you   find   interesting pertaining to the   case.
1) What are some of   the reasons why   WCF   would want to divest Mercury   Athletic, and what are some   of   the reasons why Active Gear Inc. would want to acquire it?
2) Prepare a cash flow forecast for Mercury Athletic under   the   base   case   assumptions   and   projections   outlined in the   case.
Note   1:   for networking capital, the case also includes   data   for prepaid   and   accrued   expenses;   NWC   = Cash   + Inventory   + A/R + Prepaid   Exp   – A/P – Accrued   Exp.

Note   2:    to    estimate    a    terminal    growth    rate,    there    are      several    methods    available.      One    way   of   computing   the   growth   rate   is   to   multiply   the   “reinvestment   rate”   of the   firm   by   the 代 写Instruction for FIN6104 Case 3
代做程序编程语言  “return   on   capital”   of the   firm.   The   reinvestment   rate   can   be   calculated   as   CAPEX   plus   net working   capital   investments   (minus   depreciation)   in   the   final year,   over   the   final   year’s   after-tax   EBIT;   the   return   on capital can be calculated   as   after-tax EBIT   divided   by   net   assets   in   the   final   year.
3)   Prepare   a WACC   estimate   for Mercury Athletic   under   the   base   case   assumptions   and   projections   outlined in the   case.
4)   Are   there   any   specific   components   of   the   cash   flow   projections   outlined   in   the   case   that   seem   inappropriate? Please explain why you think they do not   seem   reasonable.
Report Submission  PresentationYou should submit the following files on Blackboard   BEFORE December   08,   2024   (Sunday),   23:59.   Please delegate the job of submitting   to   only   one group   member   (i.e.,   each   team   should   submit   only   once).1) A PDF file that includes the body of   your report and all necessary exhibits   (such as tables or figures)   to   support the report. Your report   should not exceed 3   pages   (not including   exhibits). The   page   limit   is intended   to   force you   to   communicate   succinctly and   clearly;   do not interpret   it   as   suggesting   that   this project requires little work. The report should be clear, concise, but   with sufficient detail such that   it can be critiqued. You   should include a cover   page with your   team   number   and   all   members   names.2) An   Excel   file   that   contains your   models,   detailed   analysis,   and   other   supporting   data if any. Make   the   first   worksheet   (tab)   of this   file   a   cover   page   that   includes   your   team   number   and   all   members   names.   The   structure   of this   Excel   file   must   be   user   friendly   and   please   include   necessary   notes   to   explain what you have done.
Name the files using the following   format   such as   “FM_Group_1.pdf”   or      “PT_Group_1.xlsx.”
PresentationYour   presentation   will   be   20   minutes.   Please   make   sure   it   will   not   exceed   20   minutes.   All   group   members must participate in the presentation and be prepared to answer questions   (including but   not   restricted to questions about the business, industry, and your   model).
Grade
The entire group project   (3 reports   +   1 presentation) will count 30%   of   your   final   grade.
For   each report,   a   full mark of 5 points   will   be   determined   based   on   the   overall   quality   of the   report   (including    the    main    body,    exhibits,    and    Excel    models).    For    the      presentation,    10    points      will    be   determined   based   on   the   overall   quality   of your   group’s   performance.   Lastly,   we   will   have   5   points   from   peer   evaluations   to   disincentivize   free-riders:   your   contribution   to   this   group   project   will   be   evaluated   by   each   of   your   team   members    anonymously,   on   a   basis   of   5   points,   and   your   peer evaluation   score will be the average   score.





         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
